Update ASN.1 Module (#44)
lamps-wg/dilithium-certificates: draft-ietf-lamps-dilithium-certificates.md

# IANA Considerations

For the ASN.1 module in {asn1}, IANA is requested to assign an object
identifier (OID) for the module identifier (TBD1) with a Description
of "id-mod-x509-ml-dsa-2024". The OID for the module should be
allocated in the "SMI Security for PKIX Module Identifier" registry
(1.3.6.1.5.5.7.0).

>   

Author: ```suggestion

```

This appendix includes the ASN.1 module {{X680}} for the ML-DSA.  Note that
as per {{RFC5280}}, certificates use the Distinguished Encoding Rules; see
{{X690}}. This module imports objects from {{RFC5912}} and
{{!I-D.salter-lamps-cms-ml-dsa}}.

<aside markdown="block">

> RFC EDITOR: Please replace TBD2 with the value assigned to the ASN.1 moodule
> in {{I-D.salter-lamps-cms-ml-dsa}}.

Author: ```suggestion
RFC EDITOR: Please replace TBD2 with the value assigned by IANA during the publication of {{I-D.salter-lamps-cms-ml-dsa}}. Also please replace {{I-D.salter-lamps-cms-ml-dsa}} in the module with a reference to the published RFC.
```
